feat(Form): add CSS variable `--prefix-width` of Form.Item label width (#5665)
ant-design/ant-design-mobile: src/components/form/index.en.md

| --border-bottom | Border style of the form bottom | `solid 1px var(--adm-border-color)` |
| --border-inner  | Border style between form items | `solid 1px var(--adm-border-color)` |
| --border-top    | Border style of the form top    | `solid 1px var(--adm-border-color)` |

> | --prefix-width  | Width of the Form.Item prefix   | `6.8em`                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --prefix-width  | Label width of form items in horizontal layout   | `6.8em`                             |
```
